docs/_sidebar.md, before:

- [Using .wharf-ci.yml](usage-wharfyml.md)

  - [Environments](usage-wharfyml/environments.md)

  - [Stages and steps](usage-wharfyml/stages-and-steps.md)

  - [Step types](usage-wharfyml/step-types.md)

    - [container](usage-wharfyml/step-types/container.md)
    - [docker](usage-wharfyml/step-types/docker.md)
    - [helm](usage-wharfyml/step-types/helm-deploy.md)
    - [helm-package](usage-wharfyml/step-types/helm-package.md)
    - [kubectl](usage-wharfyml/step-types/kubectl.md)
    - [nuget-package](usage-wharfyml/step-types/nuget-package.md)

  - [Variables](usage-wharfyml/variables.md)

    - [Variable syntax](usage-wharfyml/variables/variable-syntax.md)
    - [Built-in variables](usage-wharfyml/variables/built-in-variables.md)
    - [Input variables](usage-wharfyml/variables/input-variables.md)
    - [Evaluation order](usage-wharfyml/variables/evaluation-order.md)

  - [JSON/YAML schema for .wharf-ci.yml](usage-wharfyml/json-yaml-schema-for-wharf-ci-yml.md)

- Reference

  - [Swagger (self-hosted)](reference/swagger-self-hosted.md)

  - Go reference\
    ![Go.Dev reference](https://img.shields.io/badge/go.dev-reference-blue?logo=go\&logoColor=white)

    - [messagebus-go](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/iver-wharf/messagebus-go)
    - [wharf-api-client-go/pkg/wharfapi](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/iver-wharf/wharf-api-client-go/pkg/wharfapi)

- Development (of Wharf)

  - [Debugging in GoLand](development/debugging-in-goland.md)

  - Things to keep in mind

    - [Postgres and column named default](development/postgres-and-column-named-default.md)

Commit message:

Added "Getting started" dev docs

docs/_sidebar.md, after:

- [Using .wharf-ci.yml](usage-wharfyml.md)

  - [Environments](usage-wharfyml/environments.md)

  - [Stages and steps](usage-wharfyml/stages-and-steps.md)

  - [Step types](usage-wharfyml/step-types.md)

    - [container](usage-wharfyml/step-types/container.md)
    - [docker](usage-wharfyml/step-types/docker.md)
    - [helm](usage-wharfyml/step-types/helm-deploy.md)
    - [helm-package](usage-wharfyml/step-types/helm-package.md)
    - [kubectl](usage-wharfyml/step-types/kubectl.md)
    - [nuget-package](usage-wharfyml/step-types/nuget-package.md)

  - [Variables](usage-wharfyml/variables.md)

    - [Variable syntax](usage-wharfyml/variables/variable-syntax.md)
    - [Built-in variables](usage-wharfyml/variables/built-in-variables.md)
    - [Input variables](usage-wharfyml/variables/input-variables.md)
    - [Evaluation order](usage-wharfyml/variables/evaluation-order.md)

  - [JSON/YAML schema for .wharf-ci.yml](usage-wharfyml/json-yaml-schema-for-wharf-ci-yml.md)

- Reference

  - [Swagger (self-hosted)](reference/swagger-self-hosted.md)

  - Go reference\
    ![Go.Dev reference](https://img.shields.io/badge/go.dev-reference-blue?logo=go\&logoColor=white)

    - [messagebus-go](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/iver-wharf/messagebus-go)
    - [wharf-api-client-go/pkg/wharfapi](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/iver-wharf/wharf-api-client-go/pkg/wharfapi)

- Development (of Wharf)

  - [Getting started](development/getting-started.md)

  - [Debugging in GoLand](development/debugging-in-goland.md

  - Things to keep in mind

    - [Postgres and column named default](development/postgres-and-column-named-default.md)
